Welcome back to our
Python journey!
In the previous videos,
we learned all about
the basics of Python.
We started at the
very beginning by
understanding how security
analysts use Python.
We learned several
building blocks of Python.
We went into detail
learning about data types,
variables, and basic statements.
Now, we'll add to this and learn
more about how to write
effective Python scripts.
We'll discover ways we can make
our efforts more efficient.
The upcoming videos are going
to start by introducing
functions, which are very
important in Python.
Functions allow us to
put together a set
of instructions that we can use
again and again in our code.
Afterwards, we're going to learn
about Python modules
and libraries,
which include collections of
functions and data types
that we can use with Python.
They help us gain access to
functions without having
to create them ourselves.
Lastly, we're going
to talk about
one of the most important
rules of programming,
and that is code readability.
We'll learn all
about ways to make
sure everyone can understand
and work with your code.
I'm excited that you've
decided to continue your
Python journey with me,
so let's start learning more!